## Authentication

The API uses jwt tokens signed using a key loaded from config to verify requests to all
endpoints the token must be included in the `Authorisation` header as a `Bearer` token.
The token was generated by the secret-key which is only known by the admin.
The jwt token have three parts,The first part of jwt is the Header where the algorithm
is specified, the next one is the payload. Here the payload contains appId and appName,
and finally the third part is signature. Where the signature is the combination of both
header and payload with a secret-key. This is how the token is generated. Authentication
is enabled in each and every endpoints so the user have verify the token against the
secret-key which will be given as an env variable. As per the jwt structure if and only
if the token gets verified across the key then only the request gets authorized otherwise
the request should be supposed as an unauthorized one and it will not be proceed.The 
[servant-auth-server](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/servant-auth-server-0.4.6.0/docs/Servant-Auth-Server.html) package is used for implementing auth.

In the env variable authKey is the key which is holding secret key as the value. Then this key
will be interpreted as jwk by using fromSecret function provided by 
[servant-auth-server](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/servant-auth-server-0.4.6.0/docs/Servant-Auth-Server.html) package.`JWTSettings` are used to  verify jwt. JWTSettings holds the value for key and 
audienceMatches and by using the `defaultJWTSettings` function the key is setting as the
authKey that extracted from the env variable.
